About us:
*ALFURSAN* have a strong commitment to impeccable quality.
We are of the mindset of taking advantage of the abundance and richness of Jordan, where our food products are handled with utmost care and attention to maintain their freshness and authentic traits.

ALFURSAN is a company with over twenty years of experience within the food industry. It started off as a family business, with the top management growing up within the field and implementing their knowledge in order to attain top-quality products.

A solid, successful flagship in Jordan, with a deep history in the market as well as an extensive client base, has allowed the Al Fursan team to build a strong presence and reputation locally and internationally.
The acquisition and processing of raw materials to create high-quality food products are handled with the utmost attention and integrity in regards to hygiene and conservancy of their natural quality, taste, and authenticity.
Add a picture for the factory 

Vision:
*ALFURSAN* have a strong commitment to impeccable quality.
We are of the mindset of taking advantage of the abundance and richness of Jordan, where our food products are handled with utmost care and attention to maintain their freshness and authentic traits.
ALFURSAN is a company with over twenty years of experience within the food industry. It started off as a family business, with the top management growing up within the field and implementing their knowledge in order to attain top-quality products.
A solid, successful flagship in Jordan, with a deep history in the market as well as an extensive client base, has allowed the Al Fursan team to build a strong presence and reputation locally and internationally.
The acquisition and processing of raw materials to create high-quality food products are handled with the utmost attention and integrity in regards to hygiene and conservancy of their natural quality, taste, and authenticity.
Mission 
We are dedicated to producing premium-quality products through the use of advanced technology and strict adherence to safety standards. Our operations are built on efficiency and sustainability, driven by the commitment and expertise of our entire team by continuously investing in our people, cutting-edge technology, and state-of-the-art equipment, we ensure uncompromising quality and exceptional customer service.


Down add Our values ( the same as the old one)
Commitment:
We do the right thing at all times.
Communication:
We see clear, intentional, and effective communication and feedback between each other and the world as the most effective way.
Integrity:
We conduct business through strong ethical standards .transparency and honesty.
Accountability:
We take initiative to own our responsibilities and exceed expectations.
Family:
We love, care, and support each other.


Load ability for containers: 
-Reefer (FCL 20ft: 80 Pallets)     
  (FCL 40ft: 126 Pallets)
-Dry( FCL 20ft: 80 Pallets)
(FCL 40ft: 116 Pallets)


Quality Assurance:

All factory machinery is operated through the internal administration system that is consistently updated and maintained regularly. The interesting aspect of this system is that all  machinery is controlled electronically and records all information down to the second, registering all data about production. 

Al Fursan also prides itself on having all spare parts on site with engineers prepared to fix any problems that may arise.
